# Other Creational Patterns not discussed

## Builder

    - Builder is a solution to an anti-pattern called telescoping constructor. An anti-pattern is the opposite of the best programming practice and what we want to avoid. The telescoping constructor anti-pattern occurs when a software developer attempts to build a complex object using an excessive number of constructors. The builder pattern is trying to solve this problem. Think of a scenario in which you're trying to build a car. This test requires various car parts to be first constructed individually and then assembled. The builder pattern brings order to this chaotic process to remove unnecessary complexity as much as possible. It partitions the process of building a complex object into four different roles. The first role is a director in charge of actually building a product. The second role provides all the necessary interfaces required in building an object. We call this one an abstract builder because there'll be a concrete builder inheriting from it. The concrete builder class inherits from the abstract builder class and actually implements the details of the interfaces of the abstract builder class for the specific type of a product. The product role represents an object being built. The builder pattern does not rely on polymorphism, unlike factory and abstract factory. The focus of the builder pattern is instead on reducing the complexity of building an elaborate object through a divide-and-conquer strategy.

## Prototype

- Prototype clones objects according to a prototypical instance. Here the keyword is cloning. Note that we're talking about making a copy instead of building. Prototype is useful when instantiating many identical objects individually, which could be expensive in terms of computing power. Cloning could be a good alternative because it makes a carbon copy in the memory space instead of building individual objects, respectively, from scratch the usual way. Let's assume that we are building a car. We can mass produce cars more easily and quickly If the cars have the same color and options. Similarly, in our Python programming scenario, you can clone the objects by making a copy of a prototype object instead of building them through constructors, as long as they're supposed to be identical without variations. Our solution consists of creating a prototypical instance first and then cloning it whenever you need the replica. The pattern related to the prototype pattern is the abstract factory.
